\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename gngserver.info
@settitle GNGServer - Next Generation Server for the PBeM game GalaxyNG
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header
@c @finalout
@headings 	    double

@include version.texi

@dircategory Games
@direntry
* gngserver: (gngserver).	Next Generation Server for the PBeM game GalaxyNG.
@end direntry

@ifinfo
This file documents GNGServer.

Copyright 2004 Kenneth D. Weinert

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission notice
identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph


@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation
approved by the Foundation.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@sp 10
@title GNGServer
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, @value{UPDATED}
@subtitle $Id$
@author Kenneth D. Weinert
@author @email{galaxyserver@@gmail.com)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2004 Kenneth D. Weinert

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation
approved by the Authors.
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@c    name next   previous  up
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top  GNGServer
@end ifnottex

@iftex
@unnumbered Forward
@end iftex

This is GNGServer.

@menu
* Introduction::
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

GalaxyNG is a play by email (PBeM) game where you control a race of
beings that one or more home planets. You'll issue orders, get reports,
use diplomacy with other players, etc. You can find all you want to know
about the game at http://galaxyng.sourceforge.net.

This document is about the server that implements the rules, adjudicates
turns, allows players to interact outside of the turn structure, and
manages game design, creation, and registration.

The original server was written over the course of many years and
enhanced and fixed by many people. Written in C, it has disturbing
comments like "don't compile with optimizations because it will break
everything". The code itself has become very fragile -
enhancements/fixes in one place can introduce bugs in seemingly
unrelated places.

Thus this rewrite. I've undertaken it to accomplish several goals -
rewrite it in C++ (more for my internalization of the language than a
belief that C++ is required), reproduce the functionality of the
existing server, add some enhancements (I'm tired of only planets having
routes :), and in general make the code easier to extend for other
future enhancements.

@page
@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@c summarycontents
@contents
@bye

@ignore
Local Variables:
fill-column: 72
End:
@end ignore
